Name and CLID: Roberto Salazar C00416436
Assignment: assignement 5
Specify CMPS 415 or CSCE 515: 515
--

Here is a git link just in case: https://github.com/sroberto27/PhysicsCannon


Has anyone helped you with this assignment:  No
If yes, identify them and describe the level of help:N/A

Did you help anyone else with this assignment: No
If yes, identify them and describe the level of help:N/A

Have you incorporated anything from outside sources (web sites, books, previous semesters, etc?):  No
If yes, specify the source and level of similarity: N/A

(NOTE: There will be a point reduction if you exceed standards of “Academic Integrity” stated in the syllabus. But, if described accurately above, there will be no further disciplinary action.)
--
Compiler: Visual Studio 2017
Operating System:Windows 10
List versions used for GLFW, GLEW, and GLM, if different than requested versions: None
List any other nonstandard libraries used: None
(NOTE: Your submission must work on a supported configuration.)
--
If compiling requires anything beyond typing "make" or selecting "build", detail it below: N/A

If the program supports any interaction, options, or parameters, give details below: 

Scale: To scale, use  R(+) and F(-). The current scale has a bug that when R o F is pressed, it keeps taking mouse movement to scale I could not fix it.
so when you press R to zoom out move abit the mouse once you reach the zoom needed press F to stop. It is the same for Zoom in.

Move camera: Press the left click and move the mouse. Release the left click, and it stops.

Local left/right-movement cannon keys <- and ->
Local front/back-movement cannon keys ^ and v
Based Local/Z-rotazione: use keys Z(+) and X(-)
Rotation around axes Y: use keys A(+) and S(-)
Wheel rotation: Q and W
trunnion till: E and D
Light rotation up/down : use keys G and H
light rotation left/right: use keys T and Y 
light on/off: let pressed keys U or J
on off Texture/ Color let pressed Keys I or K
V1 view key C
v2 view Key v
Zoom in V2 view B(in) and N(out)
Shot ball P 

NOTES for the GRADER:
1.- the skybox still seen to be off set. 
2.- For the Physics I implemented most of the code on Physics.cpp, Physics.h, Ball.cpp, Ball.h, and main.cpp
2.1.- Due to the my poor implementation of the stack structure of the cannon (Scene Graph is disorganized and pretty off)
I was no able to properly implement physic fetures or properly test them.
3.- new Pmat is implemented, but it still wrong from my point of view.
4.- Thanks.